Not understand collage starting at a more in-depth level and below that it is the first stage in the
lifetime of that type.
And here is the illustration of the class voting process.
When it is accessed be a class or an interface.
The classloader objects if the corresponding class object is already on the heap if it is on the heap
.
It pre-concert class object.
Otherwise it means that the pipe is accessed for the very first time.
So the coroner tries to look kid the corresponding dot class file using something called a zip here
in delegation moortel which we will discuss next.
If the doctor find his phone then the classloader loads the corresponding byte Goertz uncreate to a
class object undercuts it.
And this class object will be stored on the heap for future use.
If the Dartmouth's phone is not phone then an exception called class not one exception is thrown.
If you recall dishcloths voting process was demonstrative and a clips to Grolier were discussing eclipse
debugger and through it also look at it once again in a demo that we will soon do for Dumont's strict
in one lifetime of type not a look at board the beat and delegation mortel is which comes into play
when a pipe is accessed for the very first time.
As you can see here Jawa has multiple clusters each noting Klaas's Krim different repositories on the
top.
We have the bootstrapped Wastwater which is also referred to as primordial classloader underclothes
.
All the code just wipe your eyeglasses on this would include the odd Donjon file in the GEORGIS slash
lib directory.
On this crossborder is implemented as part of the JVM SAYS.
Next we have something called the extension classloader which is responsible for the learning process
from the standard Java extension abs which are in the GRC slash lib slash Yixin directory.
So much that it was accurate.
Next we have application or System class order which your application classes from the class bought
.
So these are regular classes that we don't post right on below application classloader we have user
defined clusters.
That is their custom cross borders created by a regular doper's under used to load classes from nonstandard
user defined sources like and corrupted files databases and so on.
These murders are done in Java on Dexter an abstract Glass called classloader which is from the Gelada
package.
So user defined Glosson roaders are compiled unordered just like any other object in general most developers
may never create any custom crossroads object.
Typically they are done in certain kinds of advanced software like in the case of web servers like Tomcat
.
You can see that these cross borders are connected via a parent child relationship and that is every
classloader except the top one has appeared on the parent delegation more it for locating a class file
comes from this relationship.
No when in particular classloader hastily wrote it classify it first console's its period.
That is it delegates the search irresponsibility brute spirit and that bit it in turn concerns its own
period and the process continues until the bootstrap cost is reached.
If the boozed up müssen order does not find a class in its repository then its child which is the extension
classloader Kreiss Christ defined in its own repository.
This is where the counter goes downwards under the crossborder that initiated the search.
So just in its own depositary.
But if the cross file is found somewhere in between then the corresponding byte Goertz will be loaded
into memory.
No the reason why we have this bit in delegation's search model is because JVM considers that repositories
at the top as more trustworthy compared to the once at lower levels.
That is bootstrapped last word is repository is considered more trustworthy than extension's glass Lauder's
repository that just consider more trustworthy than application cluster does depositary.
If the concern is found in that trustworthy repository then JVM does not perform stringent security
checks and the verification step in their thinking stage.
Otherwise JVM performs a strict security checks for instance of the file is found by the application
Krasnodar then the bytecode verify or performs all kinds of checks as repositories not considered trustworthy
conduct would not be the case with a cordial IP questions that are considered most trustworthy.
So we looked at the paid interrogation model which kicks in when it classes access for the first time
.
So the next thing is in Vought instances a classes accessed unhandsome loaded for very fast classes
loaded when an instance of it is created via the new operator.
It isn't ordered one off its document that is accessed and it is also loaded when one of its toxic fuses
accessed either reading a value or assigning some value to it.
Note that accessing compile time constants will not blow declasse and that's because they are compile
time constants.
That is their values are known at compile time itself and hence they're copied the word they are used
.
So if a different process is using it then the corresponding field value will be copied into that dot
CROSSFIRE.
So there's no point loading the class here.
And this would've been a monster demonstrated in the demo that we will soon do in a couple of lessons
from now.
So as long as we are accessing a field that is not a compile time constant then the corresponding class
will be ordered classes ordered if its subclasses are ordered.
OK so just keep that in mind.
And the class is obviously loaded.
If it does run from the command line finally it can also be loaded with reflection on we were discuss
reflection and few lessons from now.
So those are the instances when a class is loaded for the very first time.
Now when it comes to an interface except for the Fuster isn't an interface Voula also be loaded in all
other instances with regards to the first reason.
We know that we cannot instantiate an interface just know of second instance is possible only from July
8 onwards.
As part of Java aid interfaces cannot house start it matters on for the same reason an interface can
be run from the command line also.
And that's possible only from July 8 onwards and that's because the main method is this tactic method
.
So the interface can have a main method.
Finally an interface can also be loaded when a sub interface is loaded.
In addition to suppress the class it can only be a subclass as it cannot have a sub interface that is
an interface cannot ekster Nicholas.
No let's discuss a little bit about a class object which is the output of the class throating process
unladen we would have more effort while coding reflection the most important thing to know is that all
the objects that we create from a particular class is always done using the class object of ductless
and that's how GBM creates objects for us.
It's not just class an interface that would have a class object.
Even all primitive types.
The void keyword on our base would have a class object later when doing a dim off reflection B would
see hope class object also Madieu will be useful on with regards to our is.
Note that all R is of same dimension n same type.
Have the same class object lenth of the R It does not play any at all here.
For example an entry of entry has the same class object as and array of Lent hundred since both out
of pipe in unbought have the same number of dimensions.
Gas object basically contains Medine for mission aboard the class and we can get that information using
its methods on some of them are shown here.
The first method name would simply written the name of the class get superclass method worked on the
superclass of the current class so that it can bite is the class object of the code I'm closer to possess
either.
Object class or an interface or a primitive type or void.
Then null is returned as they don't have a superclass.
If this class object represents an array class then the class object representing the object lost is
returned.
Next is the user interface muttered under detainments of the current class object represents an interface
not Nexus get interface estimate.
Underachieve does all the interfaces implemented by the current class and get frustrated a third rate
and that classloader that loaded this class under-exposed more interesting methods.
In the dim off reflection I think you can check out all the methods in a game.
Once we do that Demel so up with the class throwing process.
We looked at the class learning process itself.
We looked at class loaders and also the bean in delegation model which happens when a class has access
for the very first time.
And we also looked that instances when a type is access for the very first time and finally we looked
at the class object itself.
Thank you